# Code_Report
I’ve done some quantitative researches in courses or some internships at some professors’ labs.

## My internships at school:
### 1. Political Polarization Study on social media during US election period. Scripts of some parts of this project are: 1. Word embedding script using BERT. 2. Graphical convolution network. 3. Building up the user graph. 4. Statistical computation on the embeddings like cosine similarity, silhouette score, topics frequency as well as the entropy of the distribution. 5. Bokeh visualization (currently running on http://54.235.20.160:8080/scripts). I am mainly in charge of the 1.4.5. and some part of 2. The main paper is on the halfway and I could not share this right now. 
### 2. I accomplished a funded independent research last summer. The topic is causal inference. I learned some methodologies in this sub-field and carried out an in-depth data analysis using a new method devised by my mentor Erica Moodie. It is regression based and relies on the “overlap weighting”. The final report as well as the part of my codes are attached. My mentor, I and other wildfire experts or professors who have looked into the same dataset would come together and talk about this in April and thus this report might be turned into paper later.

## In-course researches:
### 1.I investigated a few datasets in the generalize linear model course and the statistical learning course at which techniques are used like binomial (logistic), multinomial, poisson, quasi- poisson, gamma regressions with F/Wald/Wilk tests, and PCA, (multiple) correspondence analysis, various distance/similarity measures. The assignments (reports) are done using R. Some of my works in pdf version are attached.
### 2. In some of my CS, I gained some experiences of executing computation tasks on the environment set up on AWS and GCP (Linux System), did some data crawling, annotation, analysis, learned some classical machine learning algorithms and practiced them on real world dataset (in-class Kaggle competition). Here are some toy codes which includes: 1. Scrapping data from html text. 2. Implementation of Naïve Bayes and Text Classification Task on Reddit (A Famous Forum). 3. MINST dataset number recognition using CNN.
